here's three things that life was harder
without a core that's strong enough to
take on any situation that makes me feel
like Bruce Lee but also your core is
more than just your abs it also includes
your back and your sides and your whole
torso and next the ability to sit with a
perfectly flat back and perfectly
straight knees which makes sitting on
the ground super comfortable and it's an
easy indicator that you have flexible
hamstrings and lastly the ability to get
your heel to touch your butt it seems
kind of silly but again it makes sitting
on the floor super comfortable and it's
a sign of healthy knees stay Flexi